This was the first project in my CS-210 course on C++ coding. I coded a program that allows international users to access both a 12-hour and 24-hour clock. Users have the option to enter a specific time into the program to get the 12-hour and 24-hour clock display of the time of their choice. The reason why I chose this program is because I am proud of how effectively I finished this project. I followed all formatting guidelines, including putting the main function last as was required and including validation. I also am proud of how well the formatted menu came out, with all the asteriks making a fancy display. I definitely could have added more comments to make them more in depth, however I believe the comments were still decent enough to show what I intended with each part of the code. More comments would make my code easier to read for anyone who might be editing, such as head company employees. I found the clock presentation and border parts of the program to be the most difficult to write, which was why I mentioned before that I was very proud of how it turned out. I have always found incrementing loops in coding extremely confusing, but trial and error are always the best way to go. The specific skills of this project that will be helpful to apply to new projects will definitely be the use of white-space, formatting my program output, and formatting my code. These are all integral for writing effective, clean code. Making the program maintainable, readable, and adapatable involved mapping out my ideas prior, spacing out my coding as to not confuse myself, and not taking breaks that were too long in-between, so as to not forget my ideas. Thank you for reading!
